index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Uma Divakaran
tagline: 
description: For me
---
Hi!

This is Uma Divakaran, Assistant Professor in the Department of
Physics at Indian Institute of Technology Palakkad, Kerala. I am a
theoretical physicist working in the field of Non-equilibrium dynamics
in quantum phase transitions and quantum information.  To know more
about my research and publications, 
you may look at my [CV](pages/cv_homepage.pdf)

Experience:

- Ph.D, Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur (2010)
- Alexander von Humboldt Postdoctoral Fellow, Saarbrucken, Germany (2010)
- INSPIRE Faculty, Indian Insttute of Technology Kanpur (2013)
- UGC-Assistant Professor, Centre for Excellence in Basic Sciences, Mumbai (2015)
- Assistant Professor, IIT Palakkad, Kerala (2016)

Teaching Experience:

- Tutor, Physics I at IIT Kanpur and CBS (Centre for Excellence in Basic Sciences), 
  Mumbai involving Mechanics at the level of Kleppner and Kolenkov
- Condensed Matter Physics-1, 2015-16 Semester 2, CBS, Mumbai
- Ph1010 involving Mechanics at the level of Kleppner and Kolenkov, 
  2016-17, Semester 1, IIT Palakkad
- PH1020 involving Electrostatics, Magnetostatics and Electrodynamics
 at the level of Griffiths, 2016-17 Semester 2, IIT Palakkad

Commit message:

This is my first edit of 2023. Updated Associate Professor

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Uma Divakaran
tagline: 
description: For me
---
Hi!

I am Uma Divakaran, Associate Professor in the Department of
Physics at Indian Institute of Technology Palakkad, Kerala. I am a
theoretical physicist working in the field of Non-equilibrium dynamics
in quantum phase transitions, open quantum systems, quantum chaos and 
quantum information.  To know more
about my research and publications, 
you may look at my [CV](pages/cv_homepage.pdf)

Experience:

- Ph.D, Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur (2010)
- Alexander von Humboldt Postdoctoral Fellow, Saarbrucken, Germany (2010)
- INSPIRE Faculty, Indian Insttute of Technology Kanpur (2013)
- UGC-Assistant Professor, Centre for Excellence in Basic Sciences, Mumbai (2015)
- Assistant Professor, IIT Palakkad, Kerala (2016)

Teaching Experience:

- Tutor, Physics I at IIT Kanpur and CBS (Centre for Excellence in Basic Sciences), 
  Mumbai involving Mechanics at the level of Kleppner and Kolenkov
- Condensed Matter Physics-1, 2015-16 Semester 2, CBS, Mumbai
- Ph1010 involving Mechanics at the level of Kleppner and Kolenkov, 
  2016-17, Semester 1, IIT Palakkad
- PH1020 involving Electrostatics, Magnetostatics and Electrodynamics
 at the level of Griffiths, 2016-17 Semester 2, IIT Palakkad
